All right.
In the last section, we have completed the What's Happening section of the widget component.
In this section, we're going to create the WHO to follow section.
If you look at the final version, we can see that we have a whole to follow.
It's similar to the What's Happening section.
It's always sticky at the top.
You can see when you're scrolling down, you still see this section on the right side and you're going
to get this status from API service called random users and all is random.
And when we refresh the page, you always see a new users here.
And when we click on Show More, each time you see three more users.
Okay.
Let's start with the fetching section.
If you remember for this part, we went to index searches and we used server side rendering of next
year to get data from the API news API.
We're going to do the same thing for the WHO to follow section.
So we go back to index that's here just at the bottom when we have when we use this created this constant
news result, we are going to create a new constant for the whole to follow section.
I just write down here to follow.
Sich.
And so here we create a constant and we call it follow.
Or we can call it random users.
Results.
And this is going to wait and fetch the data from the API.
So let's say let me show you the website we are using if you search on Google random users.
In the search results, you see a website.
A random user generator and a website.
Your areas random user touched me.
If you click on this website.
You can see that, uh, it provides you many things like a name, email, birthday address, phone number,
etc..
So if you go to documentation.
And if you scroll down.
You can see that each time you request, you get some result.
And depending on your request type, you get different results.
And as you can see here, for example, if you want to get 5000 random users, you just need to fetch
this URL random you a random user dot me forward slash API and post slash question.
My results equals $5.
Let me try this.
We copy this and we go to a new tab.
Let's make it 54.
Now, if you press enter, we're going to see some the results.
I'm getting this result like this because I'm using extension called JSON formatter.
But if you don't have that extension, you're going to see it like this.
Okay.
Uh.
So we buried.
The result gives us two items.
The first item is the results, and the second one is info info.
It just gives us the number of result which is 50 and the page and version and etc..
We don't need this far for the results.
We are getting different things.
We are getting like a name, gender, location, city.
And this is 50.
Each one is 50, so.
If you make it, for example, to.
You can see.
Yeah.
Too.
And then we can also we can just say, I don't want gender, I don't want location, I just want name
or email.
So for doing that, you just need to add two more queries.
For example, I just add a ampersand and I just say just include name.
You can see just we are getting there.
And it's one name, Anthony.
So if you want to get, for example, a 30, 30 name, which includes the title, first name and last
name, do the things I want to use is just I want to get the name.
And also, I want to get the.
A log in information, for example, the username or etc. and also I want to get the picture so we want
to get the name.
Logging.
Logging includes the username password and also the user ID and etc..
The picture includes three links.
Large medium thumbnail.
So we're going to use this thumbnail for the image as well.
So if you click on it, you can see it's just an image of a person.
And each time you refresh the page, if you request again, you get a different.
And person randomly.
Different username and everything is completely new.
I think they have more than 2 billion users here.
I'm not sure which.
Let me check.
Uh.
I think I saw it somewhere.
The stats and graphs.
47 billion users totally generated for this website.
So all of them are a random.
And you can also have a.
For.
You can have different passport, passports and nationalities, for example, you can just have Brazilian,
Canadian.
And I said us.
So you can play with this fine.
Get different users as you wish.
So for now or for us, this one is enough.
So we copied this.
And we go back to Visual Studio code and the inside of Fish, we paste this one.
After that, we're going to get the result and convert it to Jason.
So just to raise that, Jason.
Okay.
Let's save it.
Now we we got this random users.
We can pass it as a props here as we did for the news results, and we can send it to the user, which
is here.
Then.
We can pass it as a props to the widgets.
A component here.
Also, we don't want to send this one.
We want to send the results one.
So we just change it to resource.
So we get just the inside, whatever inside the result, which is an array of for example here 30 items.
Okay.
That's correct.
Now we are getting this.
We send it to widgets, we go to wages and we get it as a props here at a top.
Okay.
Then.
Just below the stairs we add a new div.
And inside this, do we just add an edge for first?
Let me show it.
Yeah.
So just need to refresh it one time.
So inside this edge for me.
Right.
Who to follow?
And just to follow.
And here.
Let me a little bit.
Let's add the button as well.
So the button just saying show.
More.
Okay.
So that's, uh, let's just start.
It is as you can see, the want is same a style from the top to the bottom.
So the styling is similar.
So, uh, we just quickly style it, for example, for the bottom.
We just, uh.
Uh, let me.
Yeah.
We just.
The techs blew.
Text below 300.
Then we have padding left of four.
Padding bottom of three.
And finally, we have the hover.
Effect of tax.
Blue 400.
Okay.
This is similar to that one for the age for as well.
We just add a.
Font posed to make it a little bit thicker.
Then we changed the text to be extra large and we add the width.
Uh.
Sorry.
Uh, the padding.
Except for.
Okay.
For the div.
We add a text color of gray.
700.
We had a space between the Y axis three between them.
And, uh, we had a background color of gray.
100.
And let's make it the same size of above.
First we added padding.
At top of two, we make it rounded.
A large.
We add the width of 90% for the mobile and for the x large, we add width of 75%.
Okay.
So these two are okay.
Now, let's look through the.
Random users and show it in between.
So we add curly braces.
And we just see a random user's results dot map and we get each random user here.
And we're going to return the following that we're going to return, for example.
We just can pretend it did before forgetting.
Let's add the key.
The key is going to be random user dots.
And the username is unique.
The username is inside the.
Uh, Logan.
And is it okay?
Here inside a dare.
We add an image tag and a source would be.
Random user dots.
Uh, picture.
The thumbnail.
Now we can get the images.
Now we can see it.
So let's just style this images real quick.
First we add the width to be 40.
And.
For the styling.
Just make it rounded.
So you just stay around the full.
Hey.
That looks fine after the image.
We want to add the username and the name.
As you can see from the final version, we have username at the top and we have the name which is which
includes from first name and last name.
Okay.
So we needed to hear that that is covering both of them.
Let's add the diff.
And inside is there.
We added h for.
And this is going to be random users.
Dot Logan.
Use username.
Okay.
You can see the username here.
After this h four, we're going to have ah5.
And this is this includes a name and the.
Last name.
So we just have to write random user dot.
Name Dot first.
You should see the first now.
And plus, we added space, and after that we just say random death name.
That's the last.
Okay.
And after this, there we we're going to have another button.
We're just saying.
Follow.
Okay.
So let's bring them next to each other.
So in the above, dev.
We changed the display to flex.
And the.
The things we do here, we just, uh, use items center to bring them next to each other in a vertical
level.
Okay.
I mean, uh, items center, enough items stocked.
Okay, so everything is, uh.
Okay.
Now.
We?
Let's.
A stylish Spartan.
For the bottom.
You want to push it to the end.
So we just say.
Margin left off auto.
And we changed the background color to black.
We change the colour to be white.
Let's make it rounded using a rounded four.
Then we set the size of the tics to be as small.
Then we need to add some padding in the x axis.
For example, a three and a half.
And in a y axis of one a half.
Okay.
And let's make this fun to be bold as well.
Let's.
This one looks okay.
In the above div, I want to add some padding.
So.
Here.
So we had a padding in the x axis of four and in the y axis of two.
Then we we want to add some.
First we make it cursor to the point here.
So we see a pointing hand when we hover over and when we hover over it.
I want to change the background color as well.
So I change the background color to Gray 200.
Like this.
So the only thing that is left is just this user a name.
So we go to first find the username.
Let's just style it.
I want the text to be bold.
And then.
When we hover over earth.
I want to see underlie.
So for the tax declaration line, we just need to say underline.
Okay.
And let's change the text size.
To be, for example, 14 pixels.
And the.
Let's make it truncate when we have a bigger.
Uh, username any longer.
Username we wanna truncate.
Maybe we add that so we cannot see it yet.
We need to add the truncate to the upper tier as well here to see the result.
Then in the upper dev, we want to have some margin left as well.
Margin left for.
We pushed them a little bit in the right side and let's make it leading fire to push them a little bit
to get their looks better.
And for the name.
That's Alec.
Last name.
I don't know what I did.
Okay.
So let's change the text size to be 13 pixels.
So it's a little bit smaller and that's changed.
It takes color to be gray, but this time 500.
And also, we want to make it truncate to just sit.
Right.
Okay.
Here you can see the truncate effect.
This username was too long, so we added the dot dot dot at the end instead of pushing the button to
the right side.
Okay.
Now we have to add the functionality for sure more and only first we want to see three users as we did
for the above.
We just need to add a slice here.
Just a dot.
A slice.
And you make it three like this.
You can see three.
But you want to make this random as well.
Sorry.
Variable.
So we just a random user.
Number and we're going to create this hook at a top.
So we just at the bottom of this, we create a constant and we just call it set the random user number
and set random user number.
But the random should be capital for consistency and the use user state and the initial value would
be three as well.
So we see three results now and we added oncolytic to this show more.
Here.
And we just say.
Just.
Sits random user number.
So it's going to be random user number plus three each time you click here.
So we add three each time we click.
And.
Let's add the sticky part as well.
So now when we are going down, you see this part passes.
So add a top dev that is covering this section.
We just say sticky and we just said top 16.
The reason we are using 16, not zero because it's not completely out of top.
We want after the search bar, we keep it.
So now if we go down, you see that it stops there.
Okay.
We do not have enough posts now to see the results completely.
But trust me, this is going to work.
Okay.
Let's at's everything to get half.
So we go back to Visual Studio.
We start the server using controversy and we add everything to get top using get at all.
And then we make.
Romance with the message of.
Create their random users.
Section.
Of the Richards components.
So let's use get push to push everything to get huh.
And let's see what we have done so far.
So we refresh the page by clicking on the Twitter.
Now we have nine commands.
So the last command here is create.
So I made a typo here.
Create the random user section of the widgets component.
So.
We added to in the index, we added inside the widget that.
Yes.
We got the random users result from an index searches and.
Well, we created a new path for the WHO to follow section.
And inside the index that year we.
We fetch the data from the random user that me website and we got the result and we passed it to the
widgets component.
Okay.
That was it for this section.
In the next section, we're going to start with the authentication part of our project.
I mean, we are going to authenticate the user in a way that they can only access the website when they
are signing.
And, uh, we're going to get, for example, this image did the name, the user name, everything from
that data that user authenticated.
So see in the next section for the authentication part.